Support Environment Variable for Jaeger Remote Sampler (#6310)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go-contrib: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

> - Added support for providing `endpoint`, `pollingIntervalMs` and `initialSamplingRate` using environment variable `OTEL_TRACES_SAMPLER_ARG` in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/samples/jaegerremote`. (#6310)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Added

- Added support for providing `endpoint`, `pollingIntervalMs` and `initialSamplingRate` using environment variable `OTEL_TRACES_SAMPLER_ARG` in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/samples/jaegerremote`. (#6310)
```

### Added

- Transform raw (`slog.KindAny`) attribute values to matching `log.Value` types.

>   For example, `[]string{"foo", "bar"}` attribute value is now transformed to `log.SliceValue(log.StringValue("foo"), log.StringValue("bar"))` instead of `log.String("[foo bar"])`. (#6254)

Reviewer: It looks like you added the changelog entry being based on an old commit. These lines need to be removed.

- Add the `WithSource` option to the `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/bridges/otelslog` log bridge to set the `code.*` attributes in the log record that includes the source location where the record was emitted. (#6253)
- Add `ContextWithStartTime` and `StartTimeFromContext` to `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/net/http/otelhttp`, which allows setting the start time using go context. (#6137)
- Set the `code.*` attributes in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/bridges/otelzap` if the `zap.Logger` was created with the `AddCaller` or `AddStacktrace` option. (#6268)
- Add a `LogProcessor` to `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/processors/baggagecopy` to copy baggage members to log records. (#6277)
  - Use `baggagecopy.NewLogProcessor` when configuring a Log Provider.
    - `NewLogProcessor` accepts a `Filter` function type that selects which baggage members are added to the log record.

> - Add support for providing `endpoint`, `pollingIntervalMs` and `initialSamplingRate` using environment variable `OTEL_TRACES_SAMPLER_ARG` for jaeger remote sampler. (#6310)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add support for providing `endpoint`, `pollingIntervalMs` and `initialSamplingRate` using environment variable `OTEL_TRACES_SAMPLER_ARG` in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/samples/jaegerremote`. (#6310)
```

Reviewer: This also need to be moved to the unreleased section.

Author: Moved and updated. Thanks
